{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13080\viewh15400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 3/13/17\
\
~5500 words of content\
\
Two main categories:\
Stories\
General Information\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Email Terry and Melissa:\
Squarespace: $144 / year\
Wordpress: $99 / year (+ theme)\
Webflow: $144 / year\
Github: $0\
\
Two options:\
\
Option A: use a website builder with pre-made templates like Squarespace, Wordpress, or Webflow.  These cost $100-150 per year, and sometimes have a one-time cost for themes.  They make it easier to put up elaborate features.  They sometimes make it easier for non-technical users to update and add content.  They sometimes put limits on what kinds of changes can be made to the website (for example, you might not be able to change colors or animations).  They \
\
Option B: use a free or cheap host like Awardspace or Github Pages.  These are at most $5 per year and require uploading files.  I use Github Pages for my personal site at agchildress.com.  This option is simpler in some ways, and gives more flexibility in some ways, but it can be harder for non-technical users to update and add content.\
\
I would prefer option B, but I want you guys to have the freedom to make the choice.  The only risk with option B is that it involves a bit more raw HTML and CSS code.\
\
Also, could you send me some links to the donation pages/platforms that you are using?  I\'92d like to have them for a first draft of the design.}